adding aside under vpns (#11748)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/waf/tools/lists/managed-lists.md

    <tr>
      <td>Cloudflare VPNs</td>
      <td><code>cf.vpn</code></td>
      <td>IP addresses of known VPN servers. 
      </td>
    </tbody>
    </table>

{{<Aside>}}

> We primarily detect VPN traffic that passes through our public resolver at 1.1.1.1 and is not shared with other hostnames. Additionally, we can identify major VPNs based on their published IP addresses. However, it's important to clarify that we do not block all VPNs at this time. We are continually working to improve our detection capabilities and expand our coverage to include a wider range of VPN services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare primarily detects VPN traffic that passes through our public resolver at 1.1.1.1 and is not shared with other hostnames. Additionally, we can identify major VPNs based on their published IP addresses. However, we do not block all VPNs at this time. We are continually working to improve our detection capabilities and expand our coverage to include a wider range of VPN services.
```
